>> On Awakening Mind Part
2, The Mind Unveiled.
>> The mind is
actually a duality.
It's also known as
Maya or illusion.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> Awakening is waking
up from this duality,
from the split between
witness and witnessed.
>> On Dragonfly
enLightening Talks.
>> They call it luminescence.
It's in our cells.
Every cell, they measure
it now for beauty.
But the reality is it's
actually who we are.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> If we could figure out
how to open up a portal,
travel becomes easier--
the opportunities that
we could have to get from
point A to point B in
the blink of an eye.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> I have this quantum language.
I opened up a portal
and all of a sudden,
I wasn't taken into a memory.
I was taken to a
physical experience.
>> On Journeys Into the Soul.
>> One day I was
swimming in the sea,
having this
conversation with God,
and the voice in my head said,
you'll come to Malta to be
a spiritual healer.
>> Only on Gaia.